docs: updated broken URL and added missing release note PCP-1888 (#1699)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes.md

- Palette now displays a warning message when you are about to trigger an action from the UI that will cause nodes to repave. Use these warnings to avoid triggering a node repave when it is not desired.

- You can now configure auto upgrade channels for Azure AKS clusters. Refer to the [Azure Architecture](./clusters//public-cloud/azure/architecture.md#upgrade-channels) documentation for more information.

#### Deprecations and Removals

> - The previous support widget, in Palette SaaS environments, that was used to create support tickets has been replaced with a new and improved widget. Use the new widget to create support tickets, access the Palette documentation, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The support widget previously used in Palette SaaS environments to create support tickets has been replaced with a new and improved widget. Use the new widget to create support tickets, access the Palette documentation, and more. 
```
